Subject: More streaming video news...
From: scott@ext-eml.com
Date: Wed, 01 Dec 1999 00:06:00 +0000
To: "sue nord",
    "susan m landwehr",
    "jeff dasovich",
    "marchris robinson",
    "lisa yoho",
    aleck


tham Interactive and Enron Communications to
                                          Provide Streaming Media 
Applications for
                                          Powerful Broadband Destinations 
                                          11/17  10:24 

                                          HOUSTON, Nov. 17 /PRNewswire/ -- 
Enron Communications, a
                                          wholly-owned subsidiary of Enron 
Corp. (NYSE: ENE) and a leader in
                                          the delivery of high- bandwidth 
application services, and Gotham
                                          Interactive, a leader in building 
and distributing content systems for
                                          broadband networks, announced today 
an agreement to provide
                                          broadband multimedia web sites, 
high bit rate streaming video and other
                                          e-business applications to 
customers in the financial services, media and
                                          entertainment markets. Gotham 
Interactive will use Enron
                                          Communications' ePowered Media Cast 
service, which provides
                                          TV-quality streaming video delivery 
at up to 50 times faster than the
                                          public Internet and provides the 
high bit rate applications necessary for
                                          the rich, reliable web site 
experience the enterprise demands. 

                                          The two companies will jointly 
market and sell one-stop media
                                          distribution and integration 
solutions to dot com businesses that transmit
                                          high-volume, time sensitive 
Internet content. Examples include interactive
                                          video roadshows and streamed video 
shareholder announcements in the
                                          financial services sector, and real 
time news programs and feature-length
                                          movies in the entertainment and 
media market. The joint arrangement
                                          promotes the delivery by Enron and 
Gotham Interactive of TV-quality
                                          streaming media to Internet 
desktops. 

                                          "Enron's unparalleled technology 
will help us achieve our goal in
                                          providing web customers with a 
rich, fulfilling broadband experience,"
                                          said Michael Sepso, co-CEO of 
Gotham Interactive. "We look forward
                                          to combining the advanced Internet 
streaming media capabilities of
                                          Enron's ePowered Media Cast Service 
with Gotham's technology
                                          acumen and broadband distribution 
partner relationships to help us
                                          propel the broadband marketplace," 
continued Rafi Kronzon, co-CEO
                                          of Gotham Interactive. 

                                          The enabling network behind 
ePowered Media Cast is the Internet
                                          Protocol (IP)-based Enron 
Intelligent Networkv. The Enron Intelligent
                                          Network offers enhanced performance 
due to its ability to store content
                                          "one-hop" away from the user at the 
closest ISP server as well as greater
                                          scaling capability to handle peaks 
in demand with extremely high
                                          reliability and quality. Enron's 
solution is in contrast to the public
                                          Internet's capabilities to deliver 
broadband content, which is often
                                          hampered by packet loss, 
interference, and other disruptions that slow
                                          down transmission speed and 
compromise the end user's viewing
                                          experience. 

                                          "The combined power of Enron's 
ePowered Media Cast with Gotham's
                                          broadband design experience will 
jumpstart the adoption of
                                          mission-critical applications in 
the financial and media sectors. It
                                          exemplifies our ability to 
revolutionize the way businesses use the
                                          Internet," said Joe Hirko, CEO of 
Enron Communications. 

                                          About Gotham Interactive 

                                          Gotham Interactive is a leader in 
developing innovative broadband
                                          platforms that provide efficient 
content delivery to a variety of hardware
                                          devices. In addition to applying 
its technical prowess to platform design,
                                          Gotham Interactive is the only 
broadband outfit that is committed to
                                          getting its' clients content deals 
with the leading broadband distribution
                                          networks. Gotham has several 
strategic partners including Veon,
                                          ClearBand and Cisco Systems. Gotham 
Interactive is the East Coast
                                          Manager of Cisco's Broadband 
Builder's Alliance, an emerging
                                          Broadband trade group. 

                                          About Enron Communications 

                                          Enron Communications delivers the 
Enron Intelligent Networkv, a Pure
                                          IPv broadband overlay to the 
Internet and provides rich, multimedia
                                          ePoweredv application services that 
enhance online commerce and
                                          communications. Enron 
Communications offers ISPs and networks
                                          providers a range of bandwidth 
transport solutions that enable businesses
                                          to handle high traffic and high bit 
rate needs. A wholly-owned subsidiary
                                          of Enron, Enron Communications can 
be found on the web at
                                          www.leaf.net. 

                                          Enron is one of the world's leading 
electricity, natural gas and
                                          communications companies. The 
company, which owns approximately
                                          $34 billion in energy and 
communications assets, produces electricity and
                                          natural gas, develops, constructs 
and operates energy facilities
                                          worldwide, delivers physical 
commodities and financial and risk
                                          management services to customers 
around the world, and is developing
                                          an intelligent network platform to 
facilitate online business. The stock is
                                          traded under the ticker symbol, 
"ENE." 

                                          Contact: Claudia Johnson of Enron 
Communications, 503-833-4435, or
                                          email, claudia_johnson@leaf.net; 
or John Murphy, email,
                                          jmurphy@mprm.com, or Jim Bolen, 
both of mPRm Public Relations,
                                          212-268-3080, for Enron 
Communications. 




